Because there's no widely agreed on skill set for management practices in IT,
I mean good managers come in all shapes and sizes certainly.
There's an assumption everyone knows how to do it.
My boss's boss's boss thought so apparently.
But this would be like giving my daughter,
who's never driven before, keys to a car and told,
well drive.
So to help mitigate the challenges you may have and to
save you time from trial and error, this class is for you.
So here are the objectives of this course: Learn or
improve your management skills, learn or improve management practices,
be more effective at managing your team,
and also enhance your career potential. There's a strong demand for IT managers and leaders today.